So we've installed yarn and now we actually need to get into the majority of the setup here.
The next thing we need and the thing that the snake was focusing on so heavily for us is everything
to do with XPO, which is a package.
Right.
It's a package that's handling the majority of this for us.
So what we want to do is we want a pseudo again and we want a pseudo NPM install minus G explosively.
And that's going to globally install especially for us.
And that specialize is what's going to be handling, you know, running the app, communicating and
all of this different stuff that we're going to see.
So just wait until this fully installs.
And once it's fully installed, we'll be able to try to run our app locally.
Now that it's done installing explosively, let's do something called cat packaged up, Jason, and
I know we're doing a lot in common line and we'll get to installing an ED and all of that good stuff.
But I want to make sure that your local setup is as robust as possible.
So if we can package that, Jason, in the focus time folder, always make sure that you're in the right
folder.
We can do something called scripts.
Scripts can be executed.
So we have a start.
We have an Android, we have an iOS, we have a Web and we have an object.
And ejecting is the ability to eject out of XPO at any given point.
We don't need to do that right now or maybe at all.
Who knows, following the course jokes.
But we installed Xcode locally, so let's try to run Jaan HIJOS and so it's going to do expose start
iOS, it's going to open the developer tools.
And so over here you can see that it's going to ask us to allow access to the control system events
to the documents folder.
We're going to allow all of that.
And over here you can see it's starting.
A simulator in the simulator is going to be what's running our app.
And over here you're going to see that it's it's going to be doing a bunch of stuff, open expo dev
tools.
It's going to tell you what you're really running.
This is the same you URL and it's going to say starting the iOS simulator.
This may take a moment and this can take a while, as you can see over here.
It's trying to install and it's waiting because this is still booting up, we're just waiting for all
of this to kind of round out and once it's rounded out, we'll see the simulator pop up boot and have
the expo app installed.
It's going to ask us to open Expo.
We're going to say open and boom.
Expos opened and what's happening now, it's bundling, the JavaScript that's bundling, it's getting
our code on the phone, on the simulator, so we're running it on our own computer.
Exciting stuff.
OK, so it's bundling.
And down here, you can see the progress it's making.
And over here you can see the same amount of progress.
So you have two indicators of the progress.
And now that we're running it locally on our simulator, what you're going to be able to see is that,
hey, our app Focus Time is running on this simulator and we can fill stuff in, we can press plus we
can start it off.
It's going to start counting down and eventually it's going to finish the task and boom, we're done.
We're able to run our app locally.
OK, so running the app locally tells us that we're in a good state and you could even take this local
installation and run it on your phone by saying, hey, um, scanning this QR code and as long as you're
on the same Wi-Fi network, you can run it off of your own computer.
That's great.
You could toggle production mode.
And so then it's going to make a production build.
Honestly, so simple, couple of commands, a couple of installs, a couple of packages we needed and
we're running it on iOS already.
Amazing.
Now let's look at how to run it on Android locally.